CLI docs using only markdown (#2361)
snyk/snyk: help/commands-md/snyk-iac.md

# snyk-iac(1) -- Find security issues in your Infrastructure as Code files

## Usage

`snyk` `iac` [<COMMAND>][<options>] <PATH>

## Description

Find security issues in your Infrastructure as Code files.

> [For more information see IaC help page](https://snyk.co/ucT6Q)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[For more information see the help page](https://docs.snyk.io/products/snyk-infrastructure-as-code)
```
